[docs] Add step to ensure sync_dist is adding to logging when multi-gpu enabled (#4817)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/multi_gpu.rst

.. note:: For iterable datasets, we don't do this automatically.

Synchronize validation and test logging
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When using distributed, we have to ensure that the validation and test step logging calls are synchronized across processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running in distributed mode, we have to ensure that the validation and test step logging calls are synchronized across processes.
```

This is done by adding `sync_dist=True` to all `self.log` calls in the validation and test step.

> Ensures that each GPU worker has the same behaviour when tracking model checkpoints This is important for later downstream tasks, such as testing the best checkpoint across all workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures that each GPU worker has the same behaviour when tracking model checkpoints, which is important for later downstream tasks such as testing the best checkpoint across all workers.
```

> Note if you use any built in metrics or custom metrics that use the ``pytorch_lightning.metrics`` API, these do not need to be updated and are handled for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note if you use any built in metrics or custom metrics that use the ``pytorch_lightning.metrics`` API, these do not need to be updated and are automatically handled for you.
```

> Note if you use any built in metrics or custom metrics that use the ``pytorch_lightning.metrics`` API, these do not need to be updated and are automatically handled for you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note if you use any built in metrics or custom metrics that use the :ref:`Metrics API <metrics>`, these do not need to be updated and are automatically handled for you.
```
